[doc][cdc][2024.2.1] Update CDC flags controlling response size in logical replication (#25734)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/reference/configuration/yb-tserver.md

Default: `3600`

##### --cdc_stream_records_threshold_size_bytes

> Max size (in bytes) of changes from a tablet sent from CDC Service to gRPC connector in gRPC Protocol. Max size (in bytes) of changes sent from [Virtual WAL](../../../architecture/docdb-replication/cdc-logical-replication)(VWAL) to Walsender process in PostgreSQL Protocol. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maximum size (in bytes) of changes from a tablet sent from the CDC service to the gRPC connector when using the gRPC replication protocol.

Maximum size (in bytes) of changes sent from the [Virtual WAL](../../../architecture/docdb-replication/cdc-logical-replication) (VWAL) to the Walsender process when using the PostgreSQL replication protocol. 
```

> Default: `4MB`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default: `4000000` (4MB)
```

Author: Changed to actual bytes (4*1024*1024).
